added mgr-storage-sever sections to vm and server deployment (#3161)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/container-deployment/suma/server-deployment-suma.adoc

. Reboot.

=== Configure Custom Persistent Storage

> This step may be skipped. However, if custom persistent storage is required for your infrastructure, use the `mgr-storage-server` tool or in the case of the proxy use [command]``mgr-storage-proxy``. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is optional.
However, if custom persistent storage is required for your infrastructure, use the [command]``mgr-storage-server`` tool or in the case of the proxy use the [command]``mgr-storage-proxy`` tool. 
```

* For more information, see [command]``mgr-storage-server --help`` or [command]``mgr-storage-proxy --help``.
This tool simplifies creating the container storage and database volumes.

> * Format the command in the following manner: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the command in the following manner: 
```

+

----
mgr-storage-server <storage-disk-device> [<database-disk-device>]

> 
> #For example: 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----

For example: 

----
```

mgr-storage-server /dev/nvme1n1 /dev/nvme2n1
----
+

[NOTE]
====

> This command will create the following persistent storage volumes at [path]``/var/lib/containers/storage/volumes``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will create the persistent storage volumes at [path]``/var/lib/containers/storage/volumes``.
```
